hi my name is Cindy Robinson and welcome
to my myspace page if you're like me
you've spent some years out in the rat
race climbing the corporate ladder and
if you're also like me you probably
spent some time wondering how to get out
well I'm part of the baby baby boom
generation and like many of us I was led
to believe that a college education
ensured everything so I went to college
in preparation for entering the
workforce after college I landed a job
with an international corporation and I
was working my way up the corporate
ladder then in two thousand I was
downsized there went my hopes of a
golden parachute pension there went
everything then fast forward to this
summer summer of two thousand seven
somehow i stumbled upon the secret
learned about the law of attraction and
my life really began changing that this
is the way that I meant my met my mentor
Kristin and she introduced me to MLM
gold mine at that point the floodgates
opened and all I can say is that I
cannot believe all the change that has
taken place in just two short months now
I'm new to online marketing and being
new I did not know where or how to even
start but I knew one thing I did not
want to be a traditional sales person
chasing leads and what MLM gold mine has
given me is free leads chasing me so
there's no selling at all I know that I
no longer have to have to rely on
corporate America for a job and I found
success with it with an online business
through MLM gold mine I'm learning to
use the law of attraction along with
with my creative side in addition those
who know me find me more relaxed and
that my life is more more balanced and I
would say one thing unlike years gone by
I can't wait to get up in the morning
working for myself has such benefits
it's just such a contrast from my
previous life I can take time now when I
want to my father is in a nursing home
and I get to spend time with them I get
to spend two to three afternoons a week
with him and if I want to take a yoga
class in the morning I can do that I
want to visit friends or relatives or if
I just want to adjust my schedule and
work until midnight I can do that too
it's just all this freedom that I never
had when i was working 50 to 60 hours
every week and this is this is great
this is great i would have died would
have never thought it check out my
profile and read my story my life has
changed because of MLM gold mine and i'm
sure that it can do the same thing for
YouTube thanks for stopping by